/**
    @notice Transfers `_values` amount(s) of `_ids` from the `_from` address to the `_to` address specified (with safety call).
    @dev Caller must be approved to manage the tokens being transferred out of the `_from` account (see "Approval" section of the standard).
    MUST revert if `_to` is the zero address.
    MUST revert if length of `_ids` is not the same as length of `_values`.
    MUST revert if any of the balance(s) of the holder(s) for token(s) in `_ids` is lower than the respective amount(s) in `_values` sent to the recipient.
    MUST revert on any other error.
    MUST emit `TransferSingle` or `TransferBatch` event(s) such that all the balance changes are reflected (see "Safe Transfer Rules" section of the standard).
    Balance changes and events MUST follow the ordering of the arrays (_ids[0]/_values[0] before _ids[1]/_values[1], etc).
    After the above conditions for the transfer(s) in the batch are met, this function MUST check if `_to` is a smart contract (e.g. code size > 0). If so, it MUST call the relevant `ERC1155TokenReceiver` hook(s) on `_to` and act appropriately (see "Safe Transfer Rules" section of the standard).
    @param _from    Source address
    @param _to      Target address
    @param _ids     IDs of each token type (order and length must match _values array)
    @param _values  Transfer amounts per token type (order and length must match _ids array)
    @param _data    Additional data with no specified format, MUST be sent unaltered in call to the `ERC1155TokenReceiver` hook(s) on `_to`
*/

function safeBatchTransferFrom(address _from, address _to, uint256[] memory _ids, uint256[] memory _values, bytes memory _data) public;